the living now live alongside the dead
displaced several times by Israeli taxs
and evacuation orders these Palestinians
are forced to pitch tents in a
symmetry sometimes leaping next to the
grave of a person
buried I swear that I have seen a lot of
dead people I live here in the cemetery
and I see dozens of bodies every day I
suffer too much our life is non-stop
suffering but even the GM accommodation
may be temporary with Israel's war
showing no sign of ending they could be
forced to move again at any
moment we move every day from one place
to another displacement has almost
killed us we don't have money moving is
expensive we urge Arab countries and
Muslim nations to help us to stand with
us we need a solution con yunus has been
completely destroyed we ended up living
with the dead in the cemeteries
God only knows how we survived shs were
coming towards us from everywhere we
live in a graveyard we share the space
with dead people the living conditions
here are only fit for the dead there's
no running water no toilets nothing that
can bring a little Comfort a cemetery is
supposed to be a final resting place
perhaps the lucky ones will be forced to
move once again and survive the Unlucky
ones will be buried with their tents
when
stood make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer